Update README.md (#2162)
armadaproject/armada: README.md

- [Docker overiew](https://docs.docker.com/get-started/overview/)
- [Kubernetes overview](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/)

## Discussion

> Get engage with us on [Armada slack](https://cloud-native.slack.com/?redir=%2Farchives%2FC03T9CBCEMC)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are interested in discussing Armada you can find us on [Armada slack](https://cloud-native.slack.com/?redir=%2Farchives%2FC03T9CBCEMC).
```

Reviewer: Could you also look into how to add github badges for slack?

Author: @kannon92 Done and I added the GitHub badge that is redirecting to cncf armada slack discussion's channel as suggested by you.
